# Trends in COVID-19 for counties in the U.S. state of Massachusetts (updated on 2022-03-11)

![trends in covid-19 cases by county in the U.S. state of
massachusetts](./images/ma_county_covid.png)

## Barnstable County

![barnstable cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
barnstable county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/barnstable_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for barnstable county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a
linear scale](./images/barnstable_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Berkshire County

![berkshire cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
berkshire county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/berkshire_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for berkshire county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a
linear scale](./images/berkshire_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Bristol County

![bristol cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
bristol county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/bristol_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for bristol county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/bristol_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Essex County

![essex cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
essex county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/essex_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19 cases
for essex county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/essex_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Franklin County

![franklin cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
franklin county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/franklin_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for franklin county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/franklin_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Hampden County

![hampden cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
hampden county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/hampden_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for hampden county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/hampden_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Hampshire County

![hampshire cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
hampshire county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/hampshire_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for hampshire county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a
linear scale](./images/hampshire_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Middlesex County

![middlesex cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
middlesex county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/middlesex_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for middlesex county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a
linear scale](./images/middlesex_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Norfolk County

![norfolk cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
norfolk county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/norfolk_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for norfolk county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/norfolk_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Plymouth County

![plymouth cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
plymouth county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/plymouth_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for plymouth county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/plymouth_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Suffolk County

![suffolk cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
suffolk county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/suffolk_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for suffolk county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a linear
scale](./images/suffolk_county_covid_linear.png) |

## Worcester County

![worcester cdc community
badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CDC%20Community%20Level-Low-success.svg)
| Log | Linear | | ————- | ————- | | ![trends in covid-19 cases for
worcester county in the U.S. state of massachusettson on a log
scale](./images/worcester_county_covid_log.png) | ![trends in covid-19
cases for worcester county in the U.S. state of massachusetts on a
linear scale](./images/worcester_county_covid_linear.png) |
